
Building fragrouter
-------------------

To build fragrouter on a supported platform:

	% ./configure ; make

If you get it to work on a platform not listed above, please let us
know!

Installing fragrouter
---------------------

To install fragrouter, as root:

	# make install

This will install the fragrouter binary and man page (by default,
/usr/local/sbin/fragrouter and /usr/local/man/man8/fragrouter.8).

Running fragrouter
------------------

Fragrouter can not be used to fragment traffic originating from the
same machine on which it runs. This is by design, to help prevent
abuse of this software.

To fragment all attacks going from host hax0r to host victim, via
fragrouter running on host middleman, do the following:

1. On host hax0r, set a host route to victim through middleman:

	# route add victim middleman
	add host victim: gateway middleman

2. Start fragrouter running on host middleman:

	# fragrouter -F1
	fragrouter: frag-1 started

3. Send attacks normally from hax0r to victim. Fragrouter on middleman
   will accept traffic from hax0r, fragment it, and forward the
   transformed stream to victim. The return path will NOT go through
   the fragrouter.

4. To stop fragrouter, hit ^C (control-c).

Known Problems
--------------

Fragrouter will NOT fragment traffic originating from the host it's
running on. This was a conscious design decision, to help prevent
abuse of this software.

Fragrouter and the attacking machine need to be on the same network
segment (behind a router), while the victim host needs to be on a
separate network entirely. This is because the route from the attacker
to the victim is asymmetric when fragrouter is running.

The machine running fragrouter should not be running a sniffer (or any
other program which sets the interface in promiscuous mode). Although
fragrouter will still work, the latency in resending packets will be
much worse.

This is only proof-of-concept test code. Works for me. YMMV.

Troubleshooting
---------------

Fragrouter will print a tcpdump-style output line for every
packet/fragment it forwards. If you aren't seeing ANY output,
fragrouter isn't accepting any packets.

To aid in debugging, recompile fragrouter with -DDEBUG added to the
CFLAGS line of the auto-generated top-level Makefile. This will make
fragrouter's output a bit more verbose.


---
$Id: INSTALL,v 1.8 1999/05/27 04:18:45 dugsong Exp $
