
Errata
------

Given our simple one-way proxy architecture, we cannot implement a few
of the attacks listed in the original SNI paper, because we cannot
intercept the victim's replies to the attacker.

While we could implement the attacks for a single exploit (phf, for
example), there isn't a good way to generalize this for any arbitrary
attack stream. As it turns out, most of the attacks we omit are the
"invalid" attacks, which are only useful in demonstrating false
positives in the NIDS being tested anyhow.

Here are the SNI attacks we leave out, and why:

tcp-2:  Complete a TCP handshake, send the test string in a stream of
	1-byte TCP data segments where the sequence number wraps back
	to zero.

tcp-6: Complete a TCP handshake, send the test string in a series of
       1-byte TCP data segments, and increase the sequence number by
       1000 midway through the stream.

If fragrouter were to rewrite the sequence numbers in the attack
stream to the victim, the victim would ACK the bogus sequence numbers
to the attacker. Since fragrouter isn't playing man-in-the-middle for
both sides of the conversation, the attacker would be desynchronized
very quickly, ending the attack prematurely.

tcbc-1: Do not complete a TCP handshake, but send the test string in a
	series of 1-byte TCP data segments as if a handshake had
	occurred for some arbitrary sequence number.

If fragrouter were to spoof a reply SYN/ACK to the attacker, so that
the attacker would continue the attack for fragrouter to forward, the
victim would issue a RST upon receipt of the spurious ACK packets
containing the attack, ending it prematurely.

tcbt-2: Complete a TCP handshake and send the test string in a series
	of 1-byte TCP data segments. Midway through the stream, tear
	the connection down with a RST (but continue to send the rest
	of the data segments).

Fragrouter's injection of a RST would cause the victim's TCP to close
the connection, and return RSTs to the attacker upon receipt of any
subsequent attack data segments, ending the attack prematurely.

ins-1: Complete a TCP handshake and send the test string in a series
       of 1-byte TCP data segments, each with a bad IP checksum.

This is strictly an implementation bug - for most platforms (besides
Solaris), our use of raw sockets is not at the datalink layer - we
allow the kernel to compute the IP checksum for us.

evade-1: Complete the TCP handshake, include the test string in the
	 initial SYN packet.

Fragrouter cannot collect the entire attack from the attacker to
repackage in a single SYN packet without a priori knowledge of the
attack length, and the ability to spoof the server's correct responses
(if necessary).


--
$Id: TODO,v 1.4 1999/06/21 20:05:47 dugsong Exp $
